Well, today I'll show you how to change your iPhone 5 battery
In fact, it is very easy, there are only 4 screws you have to decipher at first
Be sure to turn off your iPhone. Then there are the two bulgans under the main button
They are special screws, so you will need special screwdrivers
The same screwdrivers that you can use on your iPhone 4 and 4S will do the trick
When you have finished removing the screws, use the cup pipette (the bigger the better)
And place it on the screen. Then use a non-invasive plastic tool to remove the gauze
From its base. Personally, I think it's a little easier when you use a razor blade
But using a razor blade will leave some small scratches on your device
Just raise the screen 90 degrees. Because you can see the cable tape
Which can be torn if you move it back further
The battery cables are in place on the motherboard. Remove
Screw the small screws and remove the metal bow, then
Then you can remove the small black cable. Looks like a little lego cut. Then remove it
(Use only by authorized personnel) and take the battery out of place and bring in your new battery
Put it in place on the motherboard, like cutting the lego completely. And proved it
Take the small metal bow and fasten it with bolts as we did before remember
You can find replacement batteries on Amazon.com usually available at a cheap price
I'll put a link in the description below the video so you can easily find it
Replace the display and ensure that the screws are properly seated
Behold, you replaced the battery successfully!
Do not forget to like this video if it helps you and do not forget to sign up because it really helps me
For those who need the battery, you've put a link in the description below the video
thank you for watching